docs(openshift): remove mirrored openshift image from Longhorn (#997)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.7.2/advanced-resources/os-distro-specific/okd-support.md

Please refer to this section [Install with Helm](../../../deploy/install/install-with-helm/) first.

And then install Longhorn with
- setting `openshift.enabled` to `true`
- setting `image.openshift.oauthProxy.repository` to the upstream image (e.g., `quay.io/openshift/origin-oauth-proxy`)
- setting `image.openshift.oauthProxy.tag` to version 4.1 or later (for example, `4.15`)

```bash
  helm install longhorn longhorn/longhorn \
    --namespace longhorn-system \
    --create-namespace \
    --set openshift.enabled=true \
    --set image.openshift.oauthProxy.repository=quay.io/openshift/origin-oauth-proxy \
    --set image.openshift.oauthProxy.tag=4.15
```

### Install With `oc` Command

> You can install Longhorn on [OKD](https://www.okd.io/) clusters as the following steps:
> 
> - Download the longhorn-okd.yaml file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform the following steps to install Longhorn on [OKD](https://www.okd.io/) clusters.

1. Download the `longhorn-okd.yaml` file.
```
